[DOCS] Updating Benchmark Tool Article (#25974)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/articles_en/learn-openvino/openvino-samples/benchmark-tool.rst

.. note::

>    * If the latency or throughput hint is set, it will automatically configure streams

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * If either the latency or throughput hint is set, it will automatically configure streams
```
is it "stream batch sizes" or "stream's batch sizes" "streams AND batch sizes" like in the original? Let's have some confirmation.

Author: It's streams and batch sizes, so a comma is in order:

```suggestion
   * If either the latency or throughput hint is set, it will automatically configure streams,
```

>      batch sizes, and number of parallel infer requests for optimal performance based on the specified device.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     batch sizes, and the number of parallel infer requests for optimal performance, based on the specified device.
```

   * Optionally, you can specify the number of parallel infer requests with the ``-nireq``

>      option. Setting a high value may result in better throughput at the expense
>      of latency, for which a low value is recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     option. Setting a high value may improve throughput at the expense
     of latency, while a low value may give the opposite result.
```
